# Calling for Community Ambassadors

Want to become a part of the Material for MkDocs team? We are looking for 
Community Ambassadors to expand our knowledge team! If you're passionate about
helping our awesome community by providing them with your valuable insights, 
custom workarounds, and general knowledge about Material for MkDocs on our 
discussion board, join us as a Community Ambassador. In exchange for your help, 
knowledge, and time, we offer free access to the Material for MkDocs Insiders 
repository to provide you with our exclusive Insiders' features.

__Interested? Here are some insights into what we are looking for.__

## Overview of the role

We are looking for support in communication on our [discussion board]. For that, 
it is essential for you to thoroughly understand Material for MkDocs and its 
entire [documentation], as well as the [discussion board], and our 
[contribution guides]. As Material for MkDocs is constantly growing, the 
discussion board is sometimes flooded with questions. That's where you jump in: 
Proactively manage the discussion board by answering queries and guiding users. 
As the discussion board serves as a valuable knowledge base, and is a perfect 
addition to our documentation, we think it's crucial to keep these project 
resources organized and structured, and the search function utilized to avoid 
duplicate queries. That's why cleaning up the discussion board, meaning finding 
better titles for some discussion to make things more discoverable. 

  [discussion board]: https://github.com/squidfunk/mkdocs-material/discussions
  [contribution guides]: ../contributing/index.md
  [request a change]: requesting-a-change.md


## Time commitment

We don't expect a certain number of hours every week; we rather expect you to 
answer a minumum of five discussions per month, productively helping community 
members. To do that, you should check the discussion board or the issue board on 
a regular basis and see if you can help someone seeking help. The time invested 
should, therefore, vary, depending on the depth of the topic and question.

## Run time

We will give you access to the Insidersâ€™ edition for the time you are helping 
us. Access will be renewed every three months, so you can drop in or stop every 
three months when the time is up.

## Knowledge and skills

To be a successful Community Ambassador, your skills should include:

- __Material for MkDocs Allrounder:__ You should have a deep understanding of 
Material for MkDocs, its documentation, the discussion board, and our 
contribution guides. 
- __Great Communicator:__ You should enjoy helping others in a productive and 
friendly manner.
- __Independent worker:__ You should be self-motivated, stay up-to-date with 
project developments, regularly check the discussion board, and respond to 
notifications in a reasonable time.

## Benefits

We offer the following benefits:

- __Free access__ to the private Material for MkDocs Insiders repository.
- __Skill improvements__ and insights into managing a large open-source project 
community.
- __Close communication__ with the team through channels, calls, and internal 
project management.
- __Possibilities for deeper engagement__ in the project, including potential 
job options
- __GitHub profile__ active (looks good on your CI)

## How to get started

As our seats for these roles are limited to a maximum of three, we have to get 
to know each other before we get started. So, if you are considering to become 
one of our Cmmunity Ambassadors, let us guide you through the process:

### Step 1: Contact us 

Send us an email introducing yourself, telling us a bit about yourself and 
showing your previous engagement of our discussion board.

contact@squidfunk.com

Please use the following email template to reach out to us:

```
RE: Community Ambassador

Intro
  Make a small intro, telling us a bit about yourself.
    - Name:
    - Background:
    - Job:
    - GitHub handle:

Links
  Show us three of your previous engagements on the discussion board, where you 
  helped another community member.
    - Link 1:
    - Link 2:
    - Link 3:
```

### Step 2: Review

After reciebing and reviewing your mail, we will get in touch with you.

### Step 3: Set up

If we hWe will get you set up with access to the Material for MkDocs Insiders 
repository and you can get started with five discussions a month.

### Step 4: Go





Send us an email with the links to the five discussions you handled in the end of each month.



__Come join us!__
Sounds good? Let's give it a try.
